{
    "title": "Battle of the Black Pyramid: Tomb Kings at War - Total War: WARHAMMER Mod Gameplay",
    "description": "Battle of the Black Pyramid: Tomb Kings at War - Total War: WARHAMMER Mod Gameplay - Today we are looking at the Tomb Kings mod which includes the Tomb Kings and the followers of Nagash.  You are going to see skeletons, Warsphinx, settra the imperishable, and more. The battle is fought on a map called The Black Pyramid of Nagash.  This is a 2v2 online battle on Total War: Warhammer.  Enjoy the battle :D\n\nThe Black Pyramid of Nagash:\nwas part of the Necropolis of Khemri within Nehekhara, the land of the Tomb Kings of Khemri.\n\nIt was built under the reign of the evil sorcerer Nagash, by uncounted slaves brought to Khemri from all over Nehekhara. It took fifty years and is the largest pyramid in Khemri, dominating even that of Nagash's father, Khetep. It was made of stone the colour of ebony, which Nagash demanded from all the cities of Nehekhara. Not just a monument to Nagash's pride, the pyramid was painstakingly designed to store death magic and to amplify Nagash's powers. With its completion Nagash cast a great curse across Nehekhara which killed large numbers of priests across the land. This act of heresy was enough to start the Priest Kings' rebellion against the one they called the Usurper.\n\nAfter being defeated by the army of the Seven Kings, Nagash abandoned his pyramid and it remained undisturbed for over a millennium, shunned by all. Even when, centuries later, Nagash's army entered Khemri to drag King Alcadizaar to the Great Necromancer's fortress of Nagashizzar, the pyramid remained empty. However, 1,111 years after being killed by Alcadizzar, Nagash regenerated his body inside the pyramid, something he would do again, 1,666 years after his death at the hands of Sigmar. He could never claim the pyramid or the power it contained, however, as he was always driven out of Khemri and Nehekhara by the forces of Settra.\n\nNagash finally gained access to his pyramid during the End Times. After yet another resurrection he led several huge armies into Nehekhara. After consuming the Nehekaran god of the underworld Usirian and destroying the forces of Settra, Nagash had all of Khemri razed to the ground save his pyramid. This he summoned from the ground and had it fly through the air to Sylvania.\n\nBattle Starts: 7:07\n\nJackie's Channel: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/Jackiefishhhhhh\n\nMods:\nTombKings: http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/sharedfiles\/filedetails\/?id=877556036&searchtext=tomb+kings\n\nMap: http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/sharedfiles\/filedetails\/?id=901776643&searchtext=tomb+kings\n\nIf you enjoyed the video don't forget to Like and Leave a comment :D\n\n-----------------------------------------PA Merchandise----------------------------------------------\n\nBUYING A SHIRT WILL SUPPORT A CHARITY!\n\nRepresent the Knight's of Apollo!\nBuy a T-shirt Here: Coming Soon!\n\n----------------------------------How You Can Support Me! -----------------------------------\n\n- Like, share and leave a comment :D\n- Turn OFF adblock or whitelist my channel\n- Send me a GREAT battle Replay: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n\n------------------------------------------Connect With Me!-----------------------------------------\n\n- Email: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Twitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\n- Steam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\n- Twitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117404885",
    "date_created": "1492186503",
    "date_modified": "1506478188",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/battle-of-the-black-pyramid-tomb-kings-at-war-total-war-warhammer-mod-gameplay\/117404885"
}