{
    "title": "Epic Siege of the Cursed Army: Middle-earth Battle  - Third Age Total War Reforged Gameplay",
    "description": "Epic Siege of the Cursed Army: Middle-earth Battle  - Third Age Total War Reforged Gameplay - There is rumor of an enchanted village that holds a powerful artifact.  It is protected by a cursed army that will kill anyone who goes near it.  Looking to gain power, 3 different factions surround the village ready to kill the cursed army and anyone else who stands in their way, but only one faction will be left standing.  This is a custom siege battle that is a 1v2v2v3.  One player commands the army of the undead.  There are 2 armies of the orcs of the Misty Mountains, 2 Isengard armies, and 3 armies from the Free Peoples of Middle-earth. (Dwarves, Elves, and Men.) The Undead army must defend the town center at all cost.  Enjoy the Siege Battle :D\n\nBattle Starts: 5:50\n\nIf you enjoyed the video don't forget to Like and Leave a comment :D\n\n-----------------------------------------PA Merchandise----------------------------------------------\n\nBUYING A SHIRT WILL SUPPORT A CHARITY!\n\nRepresent the Knight's of Apollo!\nBuy a T-shirt Here: https:\/\/teespring.com\/stores\/pixelated-apollo\n\n----------------------------------How You Can Support Me! -----------------------------------\n\n- Like, share and leave a comment :D\n- Turn OFF adblock or whitelist my channel\n- Send me a GREAT battle Replay: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n\n------------------------------------------Connect With Me!-----------------------------------------\n\n- Email: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Twitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\n- Steam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\n- Twitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117404880",
    "date_created": "1492707607",
    "date_modified": "1506478188",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/epic-siege-of-the-cursed-army-middle-earth-battle-third-age-total-war-reforged-gameplay\/117404880"
}