{
    "title": "Siege Battles, Diplomacy, & More!  - Veil of Crows Early Access Gameplay",
    "description": "Epic New Adventure Begins: Battles & More - Veil of Crows Early Access Gameplay - Hey guys!  Today we are playing a new early access game called Veil of Crows. Some call it a mix of Total War and Mount and blade. I have only played about an hour of the games so I am not a pro by any means.  But hopefully this video will so you the basics of the games. In this video we will start a new campaign and then a massive siege battle.  Enjoy the video :D\n\n****You can support my channel now by buying a game from White Tie Games using this link: https:\/\/www.whitetiegames.com\/affiliates\/ref?pr=cd4380&type=main\n\nIf you enjoyed the video don't forget to Like and Leave a comment :D\n\n-----------------------------------------PA Merchandise----------------------------------------------\n\nBUYING A SHIRT WILL SUPPORT A CHARITY!\n\nRepresent the Knight's of Apollo!\nBuy a T-shirt Here: https:\/\/teespring.com\/stores\/pixelated-apollo\n\n----------------------------------How You Can Support Me! -----------------------------------\n\n- Like, share and leave a comment :D\n- Turn OFF adblock or whitelist my channel\n- Send me a GREAT battle Replay: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n\n------------------------------------------Connect With Me!-----------------------------------------\n\n- Email: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Twitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\n- Steam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\n- Twitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117404863",
    "date_created": "1494433675",
    "date_modified": "1506478186",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/siege-battles-diplomacy-more-veil-of-crows-early-access-gameplay\/117404863"
}