{
    "title": "Medieval 2 Total War Online Battles #229 (2v2 Siege) - Siege in the North",
    "description": "Did you guys ask for another snowy siege? No? Well too bad.  We have a city battle in northern Italy.  The Papal States and Sicily are under attack by Venice and Portugal.  Enjoy :D\n\nMusic:\nIntro - The Beast 1 - Johannes Bornl\u00f6f\n\nArmy Comps - Unstoppable 2 - Johannes Bornl\u00f6f\n\nOutro - Motar City 3 - Anders Bothen\n_\nVisit my Website & Podcast!\n\nThanks to this awesome community I built a website for Total War fans, gamers, and history nerds.  It has blog posts, a Podcast, and a forum.  \n\nTotal War Tavern (Website): http:\/\/totalwartavern.com\/\n\nThe Round Table (Podcast-itunes): https:\/\/itunes.apple.com\/us\/podcast\/round-table-total-war-gaming\/id1012071205?mt=2\n\n*Be sure to give the podcast 5 Stars :D\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to send me Battle Replays!\n\nThis video will show you how to send me battle replays :D https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=7nG3uZoDkCU\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to play Medieval 2 Total War & Rome Total War Online!\n\nGamespy Servers are down, but there is still hope.  Thanks to CA and steam you can still play the game online\n\nHow to play Online: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=YGfItCMitPg\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nWhy do I block out the Mini-Map with annotations for Sub battle replays?\n\nI block it out because the Mini-Map gives away who sent in the battle replay.  And in most cases whoever sends in the battle replay wins the battle.  So I block it to keep it a surprise :D  \n\n_\n\nConnect With me!\n\nEmail: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\nTwitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\nSteam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\nTwitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo\nTeamSpeak: thewarcamp.vortexservers.com:10124",
    "videoid": "117405510",
    "date_created": "1443265200",
    "date_modified": "1506478246",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/medieval-2-total-war-online-battles-229-2v2-siege-siege-in-the-north\/117405510"
}