{
    "title": "CALL FOR AID - Third Age Total War: Tug of War - Dwarves vs Elves #6",
    "description": "Welcome Back to Tug of War!  I'm sorry for the delay, but because of server issues with steam we could not play the next part!  But they fixed it and we are good to go!  This time we call for aid and Warrior of Sparta and Alex the Rambler will be joining us today!  Warrior is commanding Dale and helping jackie Fish.  And Alex is teaming up with me, commanding the High Elves.  I must take back this settlement for the glory of my people!  Enjoy :D\n\nP.S. The battle was really laggy for the Live version, so I had to do a post commentary for the battle replay!  Also be sure to check out Jackie's video when it comes out, and Like it :D\n\nJackie's Channel: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/Jackiefishhhhhh\nWarrior: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/1984warriorofsparta\nAlex: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/therambler146\n_\nVisit my Website & Podcast!\n\nThanks to this awesome community I built a website for Total War fans, gamers, and history nerds.  It has blog posts, a Podcast, and a forum.  \n\nTotal War Tavern (Website): http:\/\/totalwartavern.com\/\n\nThe Round Table (Podcast-itunes): https:\/\/itunes.apple.com\/us\/podcast\/round-table-total-war-gaming\/id1012071205?mt=2\n\n*Be sure to give the podcast 5 Stars :D\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to send me Battle Replays!\n\nThis video will show you how to send me battle replays :D https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=7nG3uZoDkCU\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to play Medieval 2 Total War & Rome Total War Online!\n\nGamespy Servers are down, but there is still hope.  Thanks to CA and steam you can still play the game online\n\nHow to play Online: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=YGfItCMitPg\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nWhy do I block out the Mini-Map with annotations for Sub battle replays?\n\nI block it out because the Mini-Map gives away who sent in the battle replay.  And in most cases whoever sends in the battle replay wins the battle.  So I block it to keep it a surprise :D  \n\n_\n\nConnect With me!\n\nEmail: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\nTwitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\nSteam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\nTwitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo\nTeamSpeak: thewarcamp.vortexservers.com:10124",
    "videoid": "117405370",
    "date_created": "1452175203",
    "date_modified": "1506478241",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/call-for-aid-third-age-total-war-tug-of-war-dwarves-vs-elves-6\/117405370"
}