{
    "title": "Breaking the Meta - Medieval 2 Total War (1v1 Online Battle #250)",
    "description": "Welcome to a very strange but awesome Medieval 2 Total War online Battle.  This is the finale of a 1v1 tournament that took place last fall.  Whoever wins this battle is crowned champion!  Swissman15 commands the French and Vlad commands Russia.  Enjoy the awesome Battle :D\n\nSwissman's Live Version: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=7RG3tXJWYuA\n\nSteam Group: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=7RG3tXJWYuA\n_\nVisit my Website & Podcast!\n\nThanks to this awesome community I built a website for Total War fans, gamers, and history nerds.  It has blog posts, a Podcast, and a forum.  \n\nTotal War Tavern (Website): http:\/\/totalwartavern.com\/\n\nThe Round Table (Podcast-itunes): https:\/\/itunes.apple.com\/us\/podcast\/round-table-total-war-gaming\/id1012071205?mt=2\n\n*Be sure to give the podcast 5 Stars :D\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to send me Battle Replays!\n\nThis video will show you how to send me battle replays :D https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=7nG3uZoDkCU\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to play Medieval 2 Total War & Rome Total War Online!\n\nGamespy Servers are down, but there is still hope.  Thanks to CA and steam you can still play the game online\n\nHow to play Online: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=YGfItCMitPg\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nWhy do I block out the Mini-Map with annotations for Sub battle replays?\n\nI block it out because the Mini-Map gives away who sent in the battle replay.  And in most cases whoever sends in the battle replay wins the battle.  So I block it to keep it a surprise :D  \n\n_\n\nConnect With me!\n\nEmail: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\nTwitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\nSteam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\nTwitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo\nTeamSpeak: thewarcamp.vortexservers.com:10124",
    "videoid": "117405444",
    "date_created": "1447509600",
    "date_modified": "1506478244",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/breaking-the-meta-medieval-2-total-war-1v1-online-battle-250\/117405444"
}