{
    "title": "MINES OF MORIA - Third Age Total War Gameplay",
    "description": "The Dwarves are under attack!  They must protect their great treasures in Moria.  Will their stubbornness and greed aid them against the massive horde or orcs?  Or will the Orcs slaughter every single Dwarf.  This is another Replay in Third Age Total War Enjoy!\n\nIf you liked the battle don't for get to Like and Leave a comment :D\n\nWant to watch more battles in Moria?\nSiege of Moria - https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=tOkrB7ue-YI\n\nBattle of Khazad-d\u00fbm - https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=y7PjldN3DKc\n_\nVisit my Website & Podcast!\n\nThanks to this awesome community I built a website for Total War fans, gamers, and history nerds.  It has blog posts, a Podcast, and a forum.  \n\nTotal War Tavern (Website): http:\/\/totalwartavern.com\/\n\nThe Round Table (Podcast-itunes): https:\/\/itunes.apple.com\/us\/podcast\/round-table-total-war-gaming\/id1012071205?mt=2\n\n*Be sure to give the podcast 5 Stars :D\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to send me Battle Replays!\n\nThis video will show you how to send me battle replays :D https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=7nG3uZoDkCU\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to play Medieval 2 Total War & Rome Total War Online!\n\nGamespy Servers are down, but there is still hope.  Thanks to CA and steam you can still play the game online\n\nHow to play Online: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=YGfItCMitPg\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nWhy do I block out the Mini-Map with annotations for Sub battle replays?\n\nI block it out because the Mini-Map gives away who sent in the battle replay.  And in most cases whoever sends in the battle replay wins the battle.  So I block it to keep it a surprise :D  \n\n_\n\nConnect With me!\n\nEmail: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\nTwitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\nSteam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\nTwitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo\nTeamSpeak: thewarcamp.vortexservers.com:10124",
    "videoid": "117405308",
    "date_created": "1455837350",
    "date_modified": "1506478239",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/mines-of-moria-third-age-total-war-gameplay\/117405308"
}