{
    "title": "Gondor to Arms: Battle Against Uruk-Hai - Total War: Rise of Mordor Mod Gameplay",
    "description": "Gondor is at War!  An army of men rally to the King to battle a great evil.  A united force of evil men, Dwarves, and Uruk-Hai bring war against Gondor!  This is JackieFish and my first look at the new mod Rise of Mordor.  We will look at Gondor in detail, and fight a quick battle.  We also recorded a video of Dale on Jackie's Channel.  Check it out!  Enjoy the Battle :D\n\nTotal War: Rise of Mordor is an epic overhaul project based on The Lord of the Rings. With an enthralling Middle-Earth campaign and hundreds of unique, completely reworked units this mods aims to unleash an immersive experience you have never felt before.\n\nMod Link: http:\/\/www.moddb.com\/mods\/total-war-rise-of-mordor\n\nDALE VIDEO: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=FkutgxfyHsY\n\nIf you enjoyed the video don't forget to Like and Leave a comment :D\n\n-----------------------------------------PA Merchandise----------------------------------------------\n\nRepresent the Knight's of Apollo!\nBuy a T-shirt Here: http:\/\/shop.spreadshirt.com\/pixelatedapollo\/\n\n---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\nGreen Man Gaming Link:\nhttp:\/\/www.greenmangaming.com\/?tap_a=1964-996bbb&tap_s=29753-aa0a78\n\nGreen Man Gaming Discount Code 20% Off:\nPIXELA-TEDAPO-LLOSVE\n\n----------------------------------How You Can Support Me! -----------------------------------\n\n- Like, share and leave a comment :D\n- Turn OFF adblock or whitelist my channel\n- Buy a Game from Green Man Gaming (Use the Link Above) \n- Send me a GREAT battle Replay: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n\n------------------------------------------Connect With Me!-----------------------------------------\n\n- Email: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Twitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\n- Steam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\n- Twitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117404966",
    "date_created": "1484607813",
    "date_modified": "1506478189",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/gondor-to-arms-battle-against-uruk-hai-total-war-rise-of-mordor-mod-gameplay\/117404966"
}