{
    "title": "SIEGE OF CONSTANTINOPLE (1422) - Medieval Kingdoms Total War 1212AD Gameplay",
    "description": "After a failed attempt to interfere in the succession of the new sultan, the Byzantine now must man the defenses and protect their capital Constantinople!  The Ottoman Empire was outraged by their actions and was going to seek revenge by taking the grand city in 1422.  The siege was gruesome, and eventually the Ottomans were defeated.  But ever since the siege, the Byzantine Empire never fully recovered.  Enjoy the Siege of Constantinople :D\n\nThe Medieval Kingdom Mod is still in Closed Alpha, and it for Total War Attila!\n\nChannels Involved:\nWarrior of Sparta: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/1984warriorofsparta\nJackieFish: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/Jackiefishhhhhh\nLionheartx10: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/lionheartx10\nDiplexHeated: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/channel\/UC_4XWqrH4Cut508HaA2d0KQ\n\n_\nVisit my Website & Podcast!\n\nThanks to this awesome community I built a website for Total War fans, gamers, and history nerds.  It has blog posts, a Podcast, and a forum.  \n\nTotal War Tavern (Website): http:\/\/totalwartavern.com\/\n\nThe Round Table (Podcast-itunes): https:\/\/itunes.apple.com\/us\/podcast\/round-table-total-war-gaming\/id1012071205?mt=2\n\n*Be sure to give the podcast 5 Stars :D\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to send me Battle Replays!\n\nThis video will show you how to send me battle replays :D https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=7nG3uZoDkCU\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to play Medieval 2 Total War & Rome Total War Online!\n\nGamespy Servers are down, but there is still hope.  Thanks to CA and steam you can still play the game online\n\nHow to play Online: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=YGfItCMitPg\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nWhy do I block out the Mini-Map with annotations for Sub battle replays?\n\nI block it out because the Mini-Map gives away who sent in the battle replay.  And in most cases whoever sends in the battle replay wins the battle.  So I block it to keep it a surprise :D  \n\n_\n\nConnect With me!\n\nEmail: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\nTwitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\nSteam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\nTwitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo\nTeamSpeak: thewarcamp.vortexservers.com:10124",
    "videoid": "117405309",
    "date_created": "1455735601",
    "date_modified": "1506478239",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/siege-of-constantinople-1422-medieval-kingdoms-total-war-1212ad-gameplay\/117405309"
}