{
    "title": "Moria Under Siege: Fight to the Last - Third Age Total War: Reforged Gameplay",
    "description": "Moria Under Siege: Fight to the Last - Third Age Total War: Reforged Gameplay - Hey Guys!  Welcome back to another siege battle in Moria.  Moria is a fan favorite that relies on a lot of foresight to win the battle.  It is a battle of attrition, whoever can use their amo and troops sparingly will most likely win the siege!  In this online battle there are 4 attackers and three defenders.  The Dwarves, Orcs of the Misty Mountains, Orcs of Dol Guldur, and Harad are attacking.  And the Elves, Kingdom of Arnor, and Rhun are defending.  This one comes down to the wire!  Enjoy the Siege Battle :D\n\nIf you enjoyed the video don't forget to Like and Leave a comment :D\n\n-----------------------------------------PA Merchandise----------------------------------------------\n\nBUYING A SHIRT WILL SUPPORT A CHARITY!\n\nRepresent the Knight's of Apollo!\nBuy a T-shirt Here: https:\/\/teespring.com\/stores\/pixelated-apollo\n\n----------------------------------How You Can Support Me! -----------------------------------\n\n- Like, share and leave a comment :D\n- Turn OFF adblock or whitelist my channel\n- Send me a GREAT battle Replay: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n\n------------------------------------------Connect With Me!-----------------------------------------\n\n- Email: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Twitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\n- Steam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\n- Twitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117404866",
    "date_created": "1494082803",
    "date_modified": "1506478186",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/moria-under-siege-fight-to-the-last-third-age-total-war-reforged-gameplay\/117404866"
}