{
    "title": "Rome Total War - Julii Co-Op Campaign - Part 2 | Out Numbered",
    "description": "Welcome to part 2 of the Julii Campaign.  Biscuits Total War has already played part 1 and took out 5 settlements!  I need continue the great start in part 2, but Gaul will not make it easy for me :D\n\nIncase you missed part 1 watch it here: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=-p8FSaXHqLE\n\nBiscuits' will release his part on saturday.  And I will release my episode on Sunday :D\n\nRemember there is going to be a playlist that will contain all the episodes. \n\nBiscuit's Channel: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/BiscuitsTotalWar \n_\nVisit my Website & Podcast!\n\nThanks to this awesome community I built a website for Total War fans, gamers, and history nerds.  It has blog posts, a Podcast, and a forum.  \n\nTotal War Tavern (Website): http:\/\/totalwartavern.com\/\n\nThe Round Table (Podcast-itunes): https:\/\/itunes.apple.com\/us\/podcast\/round-table-total-war-gaming\/id1012071205?mt=2\n\n*Be sure to give the podcast 5 Stars :D\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to send me Battle Replays!\n\nThis video will show you how to send me battle replays :D https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=7nG3uZoDkCU\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to play Medieval 2 Total War & Rome Total War Online!\n\nGamespy Servers are down, but there is still hope.  Thanks to CA and steam you can still play the game online\n\nHow to play Online: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=YGfItCMitPg\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nWhy do I block out the Mini-Map with annotations for Sub battle replays?\n\nI block it out because the Mini-Map gives away who sent in the battle replay.  And in most cases whoever sends in the battle replay wins the battle.  So I block it to keep it a surprise :D  \n\n_\n\nConnect With me!\n\nEmail: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\nTwitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\nSteam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\nTwitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117405568",
    "date_created": "1440345233",
    "date_modified": "1506478247",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/rome-total-war-julii-co-op-campaign-part-2-out-numbered\/117405568"
}