{
    "title": "EPIC BATTLE FOR TATOOINE - STAR WARS - Bear Force II Mod Gameplay",
    "description": "EPIC BATTLE FOR TATOOINE - STAR WARS - Bear Force II Mod Gameplay - Hey guys! Welcome back to call to arms. Today we are playing Bear Force II which is a Star Wars mod for Mount and blade Warband. They recently updated the mod and added Conquest. It is a game mode where you have to capture victory points to take away enemy tickets. There is going to be 4 rounds. 2 at Scarif and 2 at Tatoonie. Enjoy the video :D\n\nOasis Hosting Website: https:\/\/oasis-hosting.net\/\n\nDiscount Code: PA2017\n\n\nMod Link: http:\/\/www.moddb.com\/mods\/star-wars-bear-force-ii\n\nLionheart's Channel: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/lionheartx10\n\nLEARN MORE ABOUT CALL TO ARMS - \nMount and Blade Patreon: https:\/\/www.patreon.com\/user?u=3830559\nCall to Arms Steam Group: http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/calltoarmsmountandblade\n\nJOIN MY DISCORD SERVER: https:\/\/discord.gg\/JjR7UR3\n\nIf you enjoyed the video don't forget to Like and Leave a comment :D\n\n-----------------------------------------PA Merchandise---------------------------------------------\n\nBUYING A SHIRT WILL SUPPORT A CHARITY!\n\nRepresent the Knight's of Apollo!\nBuy a T-shirt Here: https:\/\/teespring.com\/stores\/pixelated-apollo\n\n----------------------------------How You Can Support Me! -----------------------------------\n\n- Like, share and leave a comment :D\n- Turn OFF adblock or whitelist my channel\n- Send me a GREAT battle Replay: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Purchase a Server at: https:\/\/oasis-hosting.net\/ and use this discount code - PA2017 \n\n------------------------------------------Connect With Me!-----------------------------------------\n\n- Email: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Twitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\n- Steam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\n- Twitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117404773",
    "date_created": "1502910001",
    "date_modified": "1506478184",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/epic-battle-for-tatooine-star-wars-bear-force-ii-mod-gameplay\/117404773"
}