{
    "title": "BATTLE OF CANNAE - UEBS - Ultimate Epic Battle Simulator Gameplay",
    "description": "BATTLE OF CANNAE - UEBS - Ultimate Epic Battle Simulator Gameplay - Hey guys, today we will be looking at the Battle of Cannae.  One of the greatest battle in human history.  The Romans outnumber the Carthaginian army by 30 thousand, but numbers are not everything.  Hannibal lead his men from the frontline and orchestrated a master piece.  Thanks to UEBS we will be able to see the scale of the actual battle.  Enjoy the battle :D\n\nI want to give a shout out to Historia Civilis.  He has an awesome video about the battle of Cannae.  This video really helped me understand the battle: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=MroGPObEZzk\n\nIf you enjoyed the video don't forget to Like and Leave a comment :D\n\n-----------------------------------------PA Merchandise----------------------------------------------\n\nBUYING A SHIRT WILL SUPPORT A CHARITY!\n\nRepresent the Knight's of Apollo!\nBuy a T-shirt Here: https:\/\/teespring.com\/stores\/pixelated-apollo\n\n----------------------------------How You Can Support Me! -----------------------------------\n\n- Like, share and leave a comment :D\n- Turn OFF adblock or whitelist my channel\n- Send me a GREAT battle Replay: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n\n------------------------------------------Connect With Me!-----------------------------------------\n\n- Email: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Twitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\n- Steam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\n- Twitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117404869",
    "date_created": "1493618419",
    "date_modified": "1506478186",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/battle-of-cannae-uebs-ultimate-epic-battle-simulator-gameplay\/117404869"
}