{
    "title": "Romans Vs Barbarians: Gladiator Battle Scene - Rise and Fall - Mount & Blade: Warband Gameplay",
    "description": "Romans Vs Barbarians: Gladiator Battle Scene - Rise and Fall - Mount & Blade: Warband Gameplay - STRENGTH AND HONOR! Hey guys, today were are going to recreate the opening battle in Gladiator using the Rise and Fall Gladiator mod.  It took us a couple tries to get it right, but I think you are really going to enjoy this one.  Players will fight as Roman infantry and cavalry as one team.  And the other players will fight as the Germanic tribes.  I will play as all three so you see what it is like to fight as all three.  Enjoy the battle :D\n\nOasis Hosting Code: PA2017\n- You can use this code on any game now!  Try it out :D\n\nLionheart's Channel: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/lionheartx10\n\nCall to Arms Info:\nLEARN MORE ABOUT CALL TO ARMS - \nMount and Blade Patreon: https:\/\/www.patreon.com\/user?u=3830559\nCall to Arms Steam Group: http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/calltoarmsmountandblade\n\nIf you enjoyed the video don't forget to Like and Leave a comment :D\n\n-----------------------------------------PA Merchandise----------------------------------------------\n\nBUYING A SHIRT WILL SUPPORT A CHARITY!\n\nRepresent the Knight's of Apollo!\nBuy a T-shirt Here: https:\/\/teespring.com\/stores\/pixelated-apollo\n\n----------------------------------How You Can Support Me! -----------------------------------\n\n- Like, share and leave a comment :D\n- Turn OFF adblock or whitelist my channel\n- Send me a GREAT battle Replay: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n\n------------------------------------------Connect With Me!-----------------------------------------\n\n- Email: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Twitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\n- Steam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\n- Twitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117404865",
    "date_created": "1494173012",
    "date_modified": "1506478186",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/romans-vs-barbarians-gladiator-battle-scene-rise-and-fall-mount-blade-warband-gameplay\/117404865"
}