{
    "title": "LAST ALLIANCE - Third Age Total War",
    "description": "Battle of Mount Doom 3441 SA\nThe Siege of Barad-Dur lasted 7 years during which Anarion, son of Elendil and lord of Minas Anor, was killed by a rock shot from a catapult atop Barad-d\u00fbr. It is said that Anarion and his army had made it all the way to the gates of Barad Dur without the help of the other armies but as soon as Anarion fell, the army joined the main host and came to the command of Elendil.\n\nBut Sauron's had hoped that the alliance would grow lax in its siege but was disappointed by the strength of the allies in their persistence...finally he could stand it no more and sallied out his troops making it to the foot of mount doom where he attempts his last stand to break the allies.\n\nWill the last alliance stand or will it fall in the face of ultimate evil.....\n\nfootnote:In the book , this doesn't happen ..there is just a duel between the main characters as Sauron himself came forth and fought Gil-galad in combat, who was then joined by Elendil. Although they both fell in battle, they managed to defeat Sauron and bring him down. Isildur then subsequently cut the ring from Sauron's hand, thus dispersing his spirit. \n\nAftermath : After this defeat of Sauron, several notable things occurred. The battle brought a close to the Second Age and began the Third Age. The High Kingship of the D\u00fanedain passed to Isildur, son of Elendil; however the death of Gil-galad ended the line of High Kings of the \u00d1oldor and the titles of King of Lindon and High King of the Elves in Middle Earth ceased to be because no one had the authority to claim them. Also, Thranduil and Amroth became the kings of Greenwood and Lothlorien, respectively, after the deaths of their fathers Oropher and Amd\u00edr. \n\nThree years after the war ended, Isildur was killed at the Gladden Fields, and the One Ring was lost in the river for two and a half millennia. Sauron later became the Necromancer. \n\n\nThis scenario was made by Historygeneral and assisted by Paladinbob..enjoy\n\n(Description written by Paladinbob)\n\nDownload Battle here:\nSingleplayer: http:\/\/www.mediafire.com\/download\/rbktk79qsdyxjw2\/Battle_of_Mt_DoomSP2.rar\n\nMultiplayer: http:\/\/www.mediafire.com\/download\/735zwc92kpefjrb\/Battle_of_Mt_DoomMP4.rar\n_ \nVisit my Website & Podcast!\n\nThanks to this awesome community I built a website for Total War fans, gamers, and history nerds.  It has blog posts, a Podcast, and a forum.  \n\nTotal War Tavern (Website): http:\/\/totalwartavern.com\/\n\nThe Round Table (Podcast-itunes): https:\/\/itunes.apple.com\/us\/podcast\/round-table-total-war-gaming\/id1012071205?mt=2\n\n*Be sure to give the podcast 5 Stars :D\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to send me Battle Replays!\n\nThis video will show you how to send me battle replays :D https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=7nG3uZoDkCU\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to play Medieval 2 Total War & Rome Total War Online!\n\nGamespy Servers are down, but there is still hope.  Thanks to CA and steam you can still play the game online\n\nHow to play Online: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=YGfItCMitPg\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nWhy do I block out the Mini-Map with annotations for Sub battle replays?\n\nI block it out because the Mini-Map gives away who sent in the battle replay.  And in most cases whoever sends in the battle replay wins the battle.  So I block it to keep it a surprise :D  \n\n_\n\nConnect With me!\n\nEmail: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\nTwitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\nSteam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\nTwitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo\nTeamSpeak: thewarcamp.vortexservers.com:10124",
    "videoid": "117405346",
    "date_created": "1453557600",
    "date_modified": "1506478241",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/last-alliance-third-age-total-war\/117405346"
}