{
    "title": "Rome Total War - Julii Co-Op Campaign - Part 12 | Expanding Everywhere",
    "description": "Welcome to part 12 of the Rome Total War - Julii Co-Op Campaign with Biscuits Total War. We are on the offense and sieging a couple  settlements.  Will I play well enough to not screw it up.  You will find out soon :D Enjoy!\n\nIncase you missed part 11: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=ZuqDVKq9apY\n\nBiscuits Channel: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/channel\/UCtue0FyRvNnOiFp_SjaRMnw \n_\nVisit my Website & Podcast!\n\nThanks to this awesome community I built a website for Total War fans, gamers, and history nerds.  It has blog posts, a Podcast, and a forum.  \n\nTotal War Tavern (Website): http:\/\/totalwartavern.com\/\n\nThe Round Table (Podcast-itunes): https:\/\/itunes.apple.com\/us\/podcast\/round-table-total-war-gaming\/id1012071205?mt=2\n\n*Be sure to give the podcast 5 Stars :D\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to send me Battle Replays!\n\nThis video will show you how to send me battle replays :D https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=7nG3uZoDkCU\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to play Medieval 2 Total War & Rome Total War Online!\n\nGamespy Servers are down, but there is still hope.  Thanks to CA and steam you can still play the game online\n\nHow to play Online: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=YGfItCMitPg\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nWhy do I block out the Mini-Map with annotations for Sub battle replays?\n\nI block it out because the Mini-Map gives away who sent in the battle replay.  And in most cases whoever sends in the battle replay wins the battle.  So I block it to keep it a surprise :D  \n\n_\n\nConnect With me!\n\nEmail: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\nTwitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\nSteam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\nTwitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo\nTeamSpeak: thewarcamp.vortexservers.com:10124",
    "videoid": "117405485",
    "date_created": "1445182200",
    "date_modified": "1506478246",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/rome-total-war-julii-co-op-campaign-part-12-expanding-everywhere\/117405485"
}