{
    "title": "Sacking of Rome: Empire of Charles V - Medieval Kingdoms Total War 1212AD Mod Gameplay",
    "description": "Sacking of Rome: Empire of Charles V - Medieval Kingdoms Total War 1212AD Mod Gameplay - This is a recreation of the sacking of Rome 1527.  Charles V has brought an army of 20,000 Soldiers to the gates of Rome.  Rome only has a small force of about 5,000 men. The battle is a nasty one, and Rome is completely sacked. 1,000 defending troop are executed, and about 45,000 citizens are murdered, wounded, and exiled.  It was a sad day for Europe, and some say the end of the Italian renaissance.  In this recreation of the battle we are using the Mod for Total War Attila called Medieval Kingdoms Total War 1212AD.  There are 4 attacking armies, taking on 3 defending Italian armies.  This one is a great one :D  Enjoy the Siege Battle :D\n\nIf you enjoyed the video don't forget to Like and Leave a comment :D\n\n-----------------------------------------PA Merchandise----------------------------------------------\n\nBUYING A SHIRT WILL SUPPORT A CHARITY!\n\nRepresent the Knight's of Apollo!\nBuy a T-shirt Here: https:\/\/teespring.com\/stores\/pixelated-apollo\n\n----------------------------------How You Can Support Me! -----------------------------------\n\n- Like, share and leave a comment :D\n- Turn OFF adblock or whitelist my channel\n- Send me a GREAT battle Replay: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n\n------------------------------------------Connect With Me!-----------------------------------------\n\n- Email: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Twitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\n- Steam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\n- Twitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117404864",
    "date_created": "1494349200",
    "date_modified": "1506478186",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/sacking-of-rome-empire-of-charles-v-medieval-kingdoms-total-war-1212ad-mod-gameplay\/117404864"
}