{
    "title": "MASSIVE SIEGE OF CAIR ANDROS - Third Age Total War Gameplay",
    "description": "Third Age Total War Gameplay - \nAssault at Cair Andros 3019TA \n\nCair Andros was a large river-island in the Anduin River, to the east of the land of An\u00f3rien and about fifty miles north of Minas Tirith. The island itself was long and narrow, like a ship, a little over ten miles in length. At its northern end, its \"prow\" of sharp rocks split the waters of the upstream Anduin in a bubbling foam that gave the island its name.\n\n[The Sindarin name Cair Andros translates to \"Ship of Long Foam\". Cair means \"ship\", and means \"long\", and ros means (in this context at least) \"foam\".]\n\nIn the First Age, as believed by historians in Gondor, the first men to cross the Anduin were the Dr\u00faedain. It was thought that the Dr\u00faedain came westward south of Mordor, turned north through Ithilien, and crossed the Great River at or near Cair Andros before eventually settling in the vales of the White Mountains.\nUpon the establishment of the realm of Gondor, the island grew in strategic importance: The only practical means for an army to cross the river were at the bridge at Osgiliath, Cair Andros, and the Undeeps. After the granting of Calenardhon to the \u00c9oth\u00e9od in T.A. 2510 (who created the realm of Rohan) only Cair Andros and Osgiliath remained as vulnerable crossing-points for the Gondorians. \nThe Gondorians took Cair Andros' risk seriously. Amon D\u00een, the first of the Beacon-hills, was set up originally to warn the citizens of Minas Tirith if Cair Andros was ever breached.As Cair Andros faced several attacks..it was fortified by gondor when each gondorian leader had the time and resources..as this was a vulnable weakness in the defence of the great river.\n\nCan Gondor hold the first blow of Sauron in his war on Gondor...a defence here will severally slow down his attack on minas tirith...or shall Saurons plans proceed apace \n\n\nAftermath :The Gondorian defenses fell on 10 March, T.A. 3019. On the same day that the Witch-king rode from Minas Morgul with the armies that would besiege Minas Tirith, Sauron released a smaller force (though still numbering more than 6,000 Orcs and Men) from the Morannon. They overwhelmed the defenders of Cair Andros, and used the island to cross into An\u00f3rien. It was this northern force that blocked the eastward progress of the Rohirrim as they rode to Gondor's aid and led to the secret ride down Stonewain Valley. After the Battle of the Pelennor Fields, the Rohirrim chased them down and pushed them back out of An\u00f3rien.\nThey retreated to Cair Andros, and apparently held the island for some days. On 23 March, in his march on Mordor, Aragorn let one thousand scared young men from Rohan and Lossarnach go from his main army to retake the island if necessary, and hold it.\n\n\nIf you enjoyed the video don't forget to Like and Leave a comment :D\n\n-----------------------------------------PA Merchandise----------------------------------------------\n\nRepresent the Knight's of Apollo!\nBuy a T-shirt Here: http:\/\/shop.spreadshirt.com\/pixelatedapollo\/\n\n---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\nGreen Man Gaming Link:\nhttp:\/\/www.greenmangaming.com\/?tap_a=1964-996bbb&tap_s=29753-aa0a78\n\nGreen Man Gaming Discount Code 20% Off:\nPIXELA-TEDAPO-LLOSVE\n\n----------------------------------How You Can Support Me! -----------------------------------\n\n- Like, share and leave a comment :D\n- Turn OFF adblock or whitelist my channel\n- Buy a Game from Green Man Gaming (Use the Link Above) \n- Send me a GREAT battle Replay: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n\n------------------------------------------Connect With Me!-----------------------------------------\n\n- Email: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Twitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\n- Steam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\n- Twitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117405058",
    "date_created": "1476460802",
    "date_modified": "1506478192",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/massive-siege-of-cair-andros-third-age-total-war-gameplay\/117405058"
}