{
    "title": "GLORIOUS SIEGE BATTLE - Medieval 2 Total War Gameplay",
    "description": "Welcome to a Massive Online Siege Battle on Medieval 2 Total War Crusader Expansion!  Its a 4v3 and the settlement is a Small Stone Fort!  Enjoy the bloodbath! \n\nIf you enjoyed the video be sure to Like and leave a comment :D\n\nNOTE: I hide the Mini Map to keep who sent in the replay secret, if you want to see it, Then just x-out of the Annotations Blocking it. \n_\nVisit my Website & Podcast!\n\nThanks to this awesome community I built a website for Total War fans, gamers, and history nerds.  It has blog posts, a Podcast, and a forum.  \n\nTotal War Tavern (Website): http:\/\/totalwartavern.com\/\n\nThe Round Table (Podcast-itunes): https:\/\/itunes.apple.com\/us\/podcast\/round-table-total-war-gaming\/id1012071205?mt=2\n\n*Be sure to give the podcast 5 Stars :D\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to send me Battle Replays!\n\nThis video will show you how to send me battle replays :D https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=7nG3uZoDkCU\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to play Medieval 2 Total War & Rome Total War Online!\n\nGamespy Servers are down, but there is still hope.  Thanks to CA and steam you can still play the game online\n\nHow to play Online: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=YGfItCMitPg\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nWhy do I block out the Mini-Map with annotations for Sub battle replays?\n\nI block it out because the Mini-Map gives away who sent in the battle replay.  And in most cases whoever sends in the battle replay wins the battle.  So I block it to keep it a surprise :D  \n\n_\n\nConnect With me!\n\nEmail: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\nTwitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\nSteam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\nTwitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo\nTeamSpeak: thewarcamp.vortexservers.com:10124",
    "videoid": "117405310",
    "date_created": "1455650021",
    "date_modified": "1506478239",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/glorious-siege-battle-medieval-2-total-war-gameplay\/117405310"
}