{
    "title": "Rome Total War - Julii Co-Op Campaign - Introduction",
    "description": "Welcome to a brand new series!  Biscuits and I are playing a Co-Op Campaign in Rome Total War!!  We are going to play as the Julii and we are going try to take over the world as fast as possible. \n\nBiscuits Total War will have the honors of starting the Campaign.  And I will take over in Episode 2 :D\n\nBiscuits' will release his part on saturday.  And I will release my episode on Sunday :D\n\nRemember there is going to be a playlist that will contain all the episodes. \n\nBiscuit's Channel: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/BiscuitsTotalWar\n\n_\nVisit my Website & Podcast!\n\nThanks to this awesome community I built a website for Total War fans, gamers, and history nerds.  It has blog posts, a Podcast, and a forum.  \n\nTotal War Tavern (Website): http:\/\/totalwartavern.com\/\n\nThe Round Table (Podcast-itunes): https:\/\/itunes.apple.com\/us\/podcast\/round-table-total-war-gaming\/id1012071205?mt=2\n\n*Be sure to give the podcast 5 Stars :D\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to send me Battle Replays!\n\nThis video will show you how to send me battle replays :D https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=7nG3uZoDkCU\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to play Medieval 2 Total War & Rome Total War Online!\n\nGamespy Servers are down, but there is still hope.  Thanks to CA and steam you can still play the game online\n\nHow to play Online: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=YGfItCMitPg\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nWhy do I block out the Mini-Map with annotations for Sub battle replays?\n\nI block it out because the Mini-Map gives away who sent in the battle replay.  And in most cases whoever sends in the battle replay wins the battle.  So I block it to keep it a surprise :D  \n\n_\n\nConnect With me!\n\nEmail: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\nTwitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\nSteam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\nTwitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117405585",
    "date_created": "1439986038",
    "date_modified": "1506478249",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/rome-total-war-julii-co-op-campaign-introduction\/117405585"
}