{
    "title": "Gondor River Crossing Defense: War Between Men - Total War: Rise of Mordor Mod Gameplay",
    "description": "Gondor is at war with Dale.  Since they are outnumbered, Gondor prepare their defense at a strategic river crossing.  This battle is an epic grind between two powerful factions.  The river will run red!  Enjoy the battle :D\n\nI am join by DiplexHeated in this video!  He will upload his POV tomorrow.  Check out his channel: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/DiplexHeatedHD\n\nRise of Mordor is a Mod for Total War: Attila.  It is in closed alpha and is still a work in progress.\n\nIf you enjoyed the video don't forget to Like and Leave a comment :D\n\n-----------------------------------------PA Merchandise----------------------------------------------\n\nRepresent the Knight's of Apollo!\nBuy a T-shirt Here: http:\/\/shop.spreadshirt.com\/pixelatedapollo\/\n\n---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\nGreen Man Gaming Link:\nhttp:\/\/www.greenmangaming.com\/?tap_a=1964-996bbb&tap_s=29753-aa0a78\n\nGreen Man Gaming Discount Code 20% Off:\nPIXELA-TEDAPO-LLOSVE\n\n----------------------------------How You Can Support Me! -----------------------------------\n\n- Like, share and leave a comment :D\n- Turn OFF adblock or whitelist my channel\n- Buy a Game from Green Man Gaming (Use the Link Above) \n- Send me a GREAT battle Replay: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n\n------------------------------------------Connect With Me!-----------------------------------------\n\n- Email: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Twitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\n- Steam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\n- Twitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117404926",
    "date_created": "1488560407",
    "date_modified": "1506478189",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/gondor-river-crossing-defense-war-between-men-total-war-rise-of-mordor-mod-gameplay\/117404926"
}