{
    "title": "Medieval 2 Total War: Third Age - Tug Of War - The Orcs Of Gundabad vs Gondor #1",
    "description": "Okay here we go The Rules : \nThe Maps\nThere is 5 maps in this game mode, more can be added but we are playing with 5. Imagin these maps are in a line like this . . . . . The centre map is a flat neutral battle field which is where the first battle is held. The ones either side of that are a small fort map. and the ones at the end are a big fortress. \nThe first battle is held on the middle map and the winner of that map then pushes the player they won against back to the the small fort on the loser side then if you win again then you push them back to there fortress and if you win again you win the series. The losing player always has the chance to move it back to the previous battle if they win after losing any battle.\n\nThe Army Roster and upgrades \nEach play gets the first 3 cheapest infantry units and the first cheapest archer unit as well as no cavalry or artilery and the first bit of siege equipment e.g ram. to start off the game. After each game the players get the chance to upgrade one of there unit trees. For example the unit trees are infantry, archers, cavalry, Artillery and siege equipment. So if after the first battle I decided to upgrade my infantry I would now be able to use the 4 cheapest infantry. alternatively I could decide that I want cavalry so I would now have access to tier 3 inf tier 1 archers and now tier 1 cavalry.\n\nMoney\nEach player starts with 4000 gold then after each match the winner gets 1000 and the loser gets 750 E.g If I won I would now have 5000 gold and the loser would have 4750 to start the next battle and so on. \n\nExperiences. \nIf you are on the winning team you get to keep all you experiences free of cost so make sure you keep track of it. The way we add it is you build your army with the set amount then just add as much money as you need for the upgrades. \n\nIf you have any questions make sure to drop a comment if you are confused about anything.\n\njackie's Awesome Channel: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/Jackiefishhhhhh\n\n____________________________________________________________________\nVisit my Website & Podcast!\n\nThanks to this awesome community I built a website for Total War fans, gamers, and history nerds.  It has blog posts, a Podcast, and a forum.  \n\nTotal War Tavern (Website): http:\/\/totalwartavern.com\/\n\nThe Round Table (Podcast-itunes): https:\/\/itunes.apple.com\/us\/podcast\/round-table-total-war-gaming\/id1012071205?mt=2\n\n*Be sure to give the podcast 5 Stars :D\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to send me Battle Replays!\n\nYou can send in your replays through my email: Pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n\nIf you do not know how to send battle replays watch this video: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=7nG3uZoDkCU\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to play Medieval 2 Total War & Rome Total War Online!\n\nGamespy Servers are down, but there is still hope.  Thanks to CA and steam you can still play the game online\n\nHow to play Online: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=YGfItCMitPg\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nConnect With me!\n\nEmail: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\nTwitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\nSteam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\nTwitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117405599",
    "date_created": "1439052772",
    "date_modified": "1506478249",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/medieval-2-total-war-third-age-tug-of-war-the-orcs-of-gundabad-vs-gondor-1\/117405599"
}