{
    "title": "SIEGE OF WHITERUN - Elder Scrolls: Total War - Stormcloaks Campaign #7",
    "description": "SIEGE OF WHITERUN - Elder Scrolls: Total War - Stormcloaks Campaign #7 - Here we go boys and girls.  The moment we have been waiting for!  The Siege of Whiterun! We have been planing to attack Whiterun since episode 1.  But finally after cutting down multiply Imperial armies, we have reached the gates to Whiterun.  We must have victory here!  We must conquer Whiterun!  Enjoy the Episode! :D\n\nMod link: http:\/\/www.moddb.com\/mods\/the-elder-scrolls-total-war\n\nUnofficial Patch: http:\/\/www.twcenter.net\/forums\/showthread.php?750685-Sub-mod-Unofficial-TES-Patch-1-3-DOWNLOAD-LINK\n\nJOIN MY DISCORD SERVER: https:\/\/discord.gg\/JjR7UR3\n\nIf you enjoyed the video don't forget to Like and Leave a comment :D\n\n-----------------------------------------PA Merchandise---------------------------------------------\n\nBUYING A SHIRT WILL SUPPORT A CHARITY!\n\nRepresent the Knight's of Apollo!\nBuy a T-shirt Here: https:\/\/teespring.com\/stores\/pixelated-apollo\n\n----------------------------------How You Can Support Me! -----------------------------------\n\n- Like, share and leave a comment :D\n- Turn OFF adblock or whitelist my channel\n- Send me a GREAT battle Replay: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Purchase a Server at: https:\/\/oasis-hosting.net\/ and use this discount code - PA2017 \n\n------------------------------------------Connect With Me!-----------------------------------------\n\n- Email: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Twitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\n- Steam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\n- Twitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117404830",
    "date_created": "1497794402",
    "date_modified": "1506478186",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/siege-of-whiterun-elder-scrolls-total-war-stormcloaks-campaign-7\/117404830"
}