{
    "title": "Elder Scrolls Total War Online Battle #1 - (2v2 Siege) - Battle of The Imperial City Palace",
    "description": "The Gates of Oblivion have been opened!  The Imperial City is under Siege. The Brave Troops of the Tamriel Empire have decided to meet the hordes of Oblivion on the field of battle.  Will the city be destroyed?  Enjoy :D\n\nElder Scrolls Total War: http:\/\/www.moddb.com\/mods\/the-elder-scrolls-total-war\n_\nVisit my Website & Podcast!\n\nThanks to this awesome community I built a website for Total War fans, gamers, and history nerds.  It has blog posts, a Podcast, and a forum.  \n\nTotal War Tavern (Website): http:\/\/totalwartavern.com\/\n\nThe Round Table (Podcast-itunes): https:\/\/itunes.apple.com\/us\/podcast\/round-table-total-war-gaming\/id1012071205?mt=2\n\n*Be sure to give the podcast 5 Stars :D\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to send me Battle Replays!\n\nThis video will show you how to send me battle replays :D https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=7nG3uZoDkCU\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to play Medieval 2 Total War & Rome Total War Online!\n\nGamespy Servers are down, but there is still hope.  Thanks to CA and steam you can still play the game online\n\nHow to play Online: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=YGfItCMitPg\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nWhy do I block out the Mini-Map with annotations for Sub battle replays?\n\nI block it out because the Mini-Map gives away who sent in the battle replay.  And in most cases whoever sends in the battle replay wins the battle.  So I block it to keep it a surprise :D  \n\n_\n\nConnect With me!\n\nEmail: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\nTwitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\nSteam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\nTwitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo\nTeamSpeak: thewarcamp.vortexservers.com:10124",
    "videoid": "117405474",
    "date_created": "1445720200",
    "date_modified": "1506478244",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/elder-scrolls-total-war-online-battle-1-2v2-siege-battle-of-the-imperial-city-palace\/117405474"
}