{
    "title": "Battle of Blackrock: Haradrim Rebellion - Third Age Total War Mod Gameplay",
    "description": "Battle of Blackrock: Haradrim Rebellion - Third Age Total War Mod Gameplay - Hey guys!  Today we have a 8 player battle for Third Age Total War.  This is another custom battle made from paladinbob. Enjoy :D\n\nBad day at Blackrock 2634TA -\n\nIn this hypothiecal scenario there has been a revolt in far harad border as some of the haradrain forces rebelled against the haradian kings and power of mordor.To prevent further uprising a large force of haradtroops with mordor allies have been sent to put down this revolt.\nBut the rebels plan to fight at a strategic place..with narrow fronts, high ground and also some nearby goblin caves..who have issues with any who threathen there tribe.Will harad retain its part in saurons alliance or will there be a small part free of his influence?\nOr will the goblins extinish all other life in this differicult terrain.\n\nnotes on harad\n===============\nHarad, also known as Haradwaith, was the name of the immense realm located south of Gondor and Mordor. The Men of Harad were called Southrons or Haradrim (\"South-multitude\"). \nThe worst part of Harad lies between the sea of Umbar to its west and Khand northeast and was divided into two main provinces. Near Harad, which was the closest to both Mordor and Gondor, and Far Harad, which was nearest to the land of Umbar. The land of Harad could be divided into four distinct regions, with a host of sub-regions claimed and warred over by nomadic tribal groups. The first of these was Harondor, otherwise known as South Gondor. It was a buffer zone between the lush, verdant grasslands on the Gondorian side of the Anduin and the inhospitable dunes of sand to the far south, and was contested over by Gondor and Harad. The river Poros formed Harondor's northern border, while the river Harnen formed its southern border. Its climate was most likely a semi-arid grassland but presumably more fertile than Harad. Its boundaries extended roughly from the Anduin to the western flank of Mordor and stopped around an imaginary line protruding horizontally from the bay of Umbar. On the northeast it was bordered by the Mountains of Shadow, and it ran west to the Bay of Belfalas. \n\nThe second region was Umbar and the adjacent bay area. The great city, built brick by the hands of the N\u00famen\u00f3reans across the sea, was a regional hub of trade well after the noble blood of the seafarers was spent as its inhabitants fell into darkness. \n\nThe third region was Near Harad. The boundary between Near Harad and Khand is not described, and it is unclear how far east Near Harad extended. The majority of Near Harad is desert, described by Gollum as where the \"yellow face is bright and terrible\". In the southeast of Near Harad, a natural gulf fed far into the landmass, and a large river flowed inland from there to the northwest, later forking. One branch of the river flowed westwards towards Umbar, the other branch flowed northeast. Neither the gulf nor the rivers were given names by Tolkien. Although no cities or permanent dwellings of the Haradrim were described by Tolkien, it is presumable they were located near these rivers, where the climate may have been milder and where they could make use of irrigation. \n\nThe final region was Far Harad. The boundary between Near and Far Harad is indistinct, but compared to the other regions Far Harad was immense, covering all the territory relatively equivalent to Africa. Far Harad was large enough that it most likely had an extremely varied climate. Much of the southern extents of Far Harad were covered in forests and jungle. The great Mumakil, called Oliphaunts in legend by the Hobbits, lived here also. The Mumakil were rarely seen outside of Far Harad after the third Age. (Written by Paladinbob)\n\n****You can support my channel now by buying a game from White Tie Games using this link: https:\/\/www.whitetiegames.com\/affiliates\/ref?pr=cd4380&type=main\n\nIf you enjoyed the video don't forget to Like and Leave a comment :D\n\n-----------------------------------------PA Merchandise----------------------------------------------\n\nBUYING A SHIRT WILL SUPPORT A CHARITY!\n\nRepresent the Knight's of Apollo!\nBuy a T-shirt Here: https:\/\/teespring.com\/stores\/pixelated-apollo\n\n----------------------------------How You Can Support Me! -----------------------------------\n\n- Like, share and leave a comment :D\n- Turn OFF adblock or whitelist my channel\n- Send me a GREAT battle Replay: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n\n------------------------------------------Connect With Me!-----------------------------------------\n\n- Email: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Twitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\n- Steam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\n- Twitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117404862",
    "date_created": "1494522000",
    "date_modified": "1506478186",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/battle-of-blackrock-haradrim-rebellion-third-age-total-war-mod-gameplay\/117404862"
}