{
    "title": "30k Subs Thank You! - Minas Tirith Custom Battle Scenario",
    "description": "Thank you guys for all the Support!  To show appreciation I have here the Siege Battle of Minas Tirith!  Download it and play with your friends!  Send me the replay and I will make a video of the best one :D \n\nRULES for BATTLE:\n\n- If Attackers reach the 3rd layer of the settlement they win.  The Defenders must destroy the attackers to win.\n\n- The First reinforcement force to be able to join the fight is Rohan.  They must wait 15mins once the battle starts before they can charge in.\n\n- After Rohan Charges in, the Mumakil can charge in 3 mins after. (NOTE they can not enter the city.  Just not physically possible).\n\n- After the Mumakil charge in, the Ghost army must wait 5mins then they can join the fight.\n\nDOWNLOADS:\nSINGLE PLAYER: http:\/\/www.mediafire.com\/download\/6tqr0e3993hzu5a\/minas_sp.rar\n\nMULTIPLAYER: http:\/\/www.mediafire.com\/download\/0lv5dd34dewygpd\/minas_MP5.rar   \n_\nVisit my Website & Podcast!\n\nThanks to this awesome community I built a website for Total War fans, gamers, and history nerds.  It has blog posts, a Podcast, and a forum.  \n\nTotal War Tavern (Website): http:\/\/totalwartavern.com\/\n\nThe Round Table (Podcast-itunes): https:\/\/itunes.apple.com\/us\/podcast\/round-table-total-war-gaming\/id1012071205?mt=2\n\n*Be sure to give the podcast 5 Stars :D\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to send me Battle Replays!\n\nThis video will show you how to send me battle replays :D https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=7nG3uZoDkCU\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to play Medieval 2 Total War & Rome Total War Online!\n\nGamespy Servers are down, but there is still hope.  Thanks to CA and steam you can still play the game online\n\nHow to play Online: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=YGfItCMitPg\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nWhy do I block out the Mini-Map with annotations for Sub battle replays?\n\nI block it out because the Mini-Map gives away who sent in the battle replay.  And in most cases whoever sends in the battle replay wins the battle.  So I block it to keep it a surprise :D  \n\n_\n\nConnect With me!\n\nEmail: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\nTwitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\nSteam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\nTwitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo\nTeamSpeak: thewarcamp.vortexservers.com:10124",
    "videoid": "117405436",
    "date_created": "1448085913",
    "date_modified": "1506478244",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/30k-subs-thank-you-minas-tirith-custom-battle-scenario\/117405436"
}