{
    "title": "Christmas Sleigh Ride of Death! - Merry Christmas Everyone! (Total War: Rome 2)",
    "description": "MERRY CHRISTMAS!  I hope everyone is having a great day!  In today's special video we are going to race Santa chariots across a map and the first one to get to the other side wins the race....but theres more.  On both sides of the map are giants ballista that are going to shoot at the charits.  :D Enjoy!  This is a christmas Mod for Rome 2 Total War.\n\nLionheartx10: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/lionheartx10\nAlex the Rambler: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/1984warriorofsparta\nWarrior of Sparta: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/1984warriorofsparta \n_\nVisit my Website & Podcast!\n\nThanks to this awesome community I built a website for Total War fans, gamers, and history nerds.  It has blog posts, a Podcast, and a forum.  \n\nTotal War Tavern (Website): http:\/\/totalwartavern.com\/\n\nThe Round Table (Podcast-itunes): https:\/\/itunes.apple.com\/us\/podcast\/round-table-total-war-gaming\/id1012071205?mt=2\n\n*Be sure to give the podcast 5 Stars :D\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to send me Battle Replays!\n\nThis video will show you how to send me battle replays :D https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=7nG3uZoDkCU\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to play Medieval 2 Total War & Rome Total War Online!\n\nGamespy Servers are down, but there is still hope.  Thanks to CA and steam you can still play the game online\n\nHow to play Online: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=YGfItCMitPg\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nWhy do I block out the Mini-Map with annotations for Sub battle replays?\n\nI block it out because the Mini-Map gives away who sent in the battle replay.  And in most cases whoever sends in the battle replay wins the battle.  So I block it to keep it a surprise :D  \n\n_\n\nConnect With me!\n\nEmail: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\nTwitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\nSteam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\nTwitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo\nTeamSpeak: thewarcamp.vortexservers.com:10124",
    "videoid": "117405384",
    "date_created": "1451052487",
    "date_modified": "1506478242",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/christmas-sleigh-ride-of-death-merry-christmas-everyone-total-war-rome-2\/117405384"
}