{
    "title": "Galadhrim Elves At War: Dwarves Attack! - Total War: Rise of Mordor Mod Gameplay",
    "description": "Galadhrim Elves At War: Dwarves Attack! - Total War: Rise of Mordor Mod Gameplay - Today we are looking at a submod for Rise of Mordor.  The Galadhrim Elves are now playable for Total War: Attila.  We will see them in action in today's siege battle.  Jackie fish will be attacking me as the dwarves.  And we will see the feud between Dwarves and Elves come to a head.  This is a pretty cool chill battle just showing off the new elves!  Enjoy the Siege battle :D\n\nElves Mod: https:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/sharedfiles\/filedetails\/?id=902039224\n\nIf you enjoyed the video don't forget to Like and Leave a comment :D\n\n-----------------------------------------PA Merchandise----------------------------------------------\n\nBUYING A SHIRT WILL SUPPORT A CHARITY!\n\nRepresent the Knight's of Apollo!\nBuy a T-shirt Here: https:\/\/teespring.com\/stores\/pixelated-apollo\n\n----------------------------------How You Can Support Me! -----------------------------------\n\n- Like, share and leave a comment :D\n- Turn OFF adblock or whitelist my channel\n- Send me a GREAT battle Replay: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n\n------------------------------------------Connect With Me!-----------------------------------------\n\n- Email: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Twitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\n- Steam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\n- Twitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117404883",
    "date_created": "1492362003",
    "date_modified": "1506478188",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/galadhrim-elves-at-war-dwarves-attack-total-war-rise-of-mordor-mod-gameplay\/117404883"
}