{
    "title": "Glory to Athens: Ancient Warfare - Divide et Impera - Total War: Rome 2 Mod Gameplay",
    "description": "Glory to Athens: Ancient Warfare - divide et impera - Total War: Rome 2 Mod Gameplay - Hey guys!  Today I am going to show you pretty epic battles from my live stream.  This is from the Head to Head campaign against JackieFish.  He is play as Rome and I am playing as Athens.  The 2 battles that you are going to see here are very epic and close.  The first one is from the war I had against Sparta.  And the second once is from the Northern war against Ardiaei.  Enjoy the Battles :D\n\nMY TWITCH: https:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo\n\nIf you enjoyed the video don't forget to Like and Leave a comment :D\n\n-----------------------------------------PA Merchandise----------------------------------------------\n\nBUYING A SHIRT WILL SUPPORT A CHARITY!\n\nRepresent the Knight's of Apollo!\nBuy a T-shirt Here: https:\/\/teespring.com\/stores\/pixelated-apollo\n\n----------------------------------How You Can Support Me! -----------------------------------\n\n- Like, share and leave a comment :D\n- Turn OFF adblock or whitelist my channel\n- Send me a GREAT battle Replay: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n\n------------------------------------------Connect With Me!-----------------------------------------\n\n- Email: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Twitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\n- Steam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\n- Twitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117404877",
    "date_created": "1492875898",
    "date_modified": "1506478188",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/glory-to-athens-ancient-warfare-divide-et-impera-total-war-rome-2-mod-gameplay\/117404877"
}