{
    "title": "Third Age Total War Online Battle #14 - (2v1 Siege) - Battle of Weathertop",
    "description": "A small Hobbit Merchant convoy protected by a handful of Dunedain, are under attack by Bolg.  He is marching out his armies to to gain more territory in Middle Earth.  The Hobbits send out there fastest riders to call for aid.  Will anyone answer the call?  Will the Hobbit survive?  Enjoy :D\n\nAlso if you liked the video be sure to give it a like!\n\n\nDownload the battle here:\nSingle Player: http:\/\/www.mediafire.com\/download\/b1d62778mqwc6sc\/weathertop.rar\n\nMultiplayer: http:\/\/www.mediafire.com\/download\/ld26d54caoh3aga\/weathertop_MP.rar \n_\nVisit my Website & Podcast!\n\nThanks to this awesome community I built a website for Total War fans, gamers, and history nerds.  It has blog posts, a Podcast, and a forum.  \n\nTotal War Tavern (Website): http:\/\/totalwartavern.com\/\n\nThe Round Table (Podcast-itunes): https:\/\/itunes.apple.com\/us\/podcast\/round-table-total-war-gaming\/id1012071205?mt=2\n\n*Be sure to give the podcast 5 Stars :D\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to send me Battle Replays!\n\nThis video will show you how to send me battle replays :D https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=7nG3uZoDkCU\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nHow to play Medieval 2 Total War & Rome Total War Online!\n\nGamespy Servers are down, but there is still hope.  Thanks to CA and steam you can still play the game online\n\nHow to play Online: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/watch?v=YGfItCMitPg\n-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n\nWhy do I block out the Mini-Map with annotations for Sub battle replays?\n\nI block it out because the Mini-Map gives away who sent in the battle replay.  And in most cases whoever sends in the battle replay wins the battle.  So I block it to keep it a surprise :D  \n\n_\n\nConnect With me!\n\nEmail: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\nTwitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\nSteam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\nTwitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo\nTeamSpeak: thewarcamp.vortexservers.com:10124",
    "videoid": "117405469",
    "date_created": "1446057873",
    "date_modified": "1506478244",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/third-age-total-war-online-battle-14-2v1-siege-battle-of-weathertop\/117405469"
}