{
    "title": "SIEGE OF FORNOST ERAIN - Third Age Total War Gameplay",
    "description": "Third Age Total War Gameplay - Fall_of_Fornost_Erain 1974TA\nBy the year T.A. 1974 things were looking very grim for the D\u00fanedain of Arnor. The Great Plague three hundred years previously had killed most of the people of Cardolan which later fell to the Witch-king. And even with the aid of Elves and Hobbits most of the now diminished and totally demoralized people of Arnor were now waiting to make their final stand at Fornost, capital city of Arthedain. \n\nBut All hope is not lost..some of the allies of arnor have marched to the relief of the once great city..some elfves of Lindon, Rivendell, Lothl\u00f3rien, and five hundred Hobbits archers from the Shire.\nCan the King of the dwindling kingdom of arnor survive the night ...or shall the plans of the witchking ...stand triumphant!!!\n\nAftermath :\nNot much is known of the battle, and it is simply stated that the Witch-king overran Fornost and the King was driven into the North Downs. The Witch-king's forces occupied Fornost and pillaged it. \nWith Arthedain in his hands, the Witch-king had conquered all of Arnor. Arvedui perished in the Icebay of Forochel when a ship sent to rescue him sank in a storm. The Witch-king took the throne in the king's palace, until a year later in T.A. 1975 when the forces of Eriador had regrouped with newly arrived reinforcements from Gondor. In the Battle of Fornost his army was destroyed, and he himself fled east over the Misty Mountains. \nFornost was not resettled after the war. It became a deserted place, feared by the men of Bree, who called it Deadmen's Dike. Not until a thousand years later after the War of the Ring under King Elessar was it refounded.\n\nBattle Link: http:\/\/www.mediafire.com\/download\/c99xgtdihjcj8mc\/fall_fornost_eraith.rar\n\n\nIf you enjoyed the video don't forget to Like and Leave a comment :D\n\n-----------------------------------------PA Merchandise----------------------------------------------\n\nRepresent the Knight's of Apollo!\nBuy a T-shirt Here: http:\/\/shop.spreadshirt.com\/pixelatedapollo\/\n\n---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\nGreen Man Gaming Link:\nhttp:\/\/www.greenmangaming.com\/?tap_a=1964-996bbb&tap_s=29753-aa0a78\n\nGreen Man Gaming Discount Code 20% Off:\nPIXELA-TEDAPO-LLOSVE\n\n----------------------------------How You Can Support Me! -----------------------------------\n\n- Like, share and leave a comment :D\n- Turn OFF adblock or whitelist my channel\n- Buy a Game from Green Man Gaming (Use the Link Above) \n- Send me a GREAT battle Replay: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n\n------------------------------------------Connect With Me!-----------------------------------------\n\n- Email: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Twitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\n- Steam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\n- Twitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117405117",
    "date_created": "1471358279",
    "date_modified": "1506478193",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/siege-of-fornost-erain-third-age-total-war-gameplay\/117405117"
}