{
    "title": "AMAZING SNOW AMBUSH BATTLE - Third Age Total War Reforged Mod Gameplay",
    "description": "AMAZING SNOW AMBUSH BATTLE - Third Age Total War Reforged Mod Gameplay - Today we have an amazing battle.  The about of ambushes in this battle is unreal.  Just when you think a faction is out of the game, they turn it around with an amazing ambush.  This is a 4 player Free For All on a snowy map.  Also Reforged has been recently updated to 0.9.  They added new units and balanced the Mod a bit more.  I have link to the patch down below.  Thanks for watching!  and Enjoy :D\n\nMod Link: http:\/\/www.moddb.com\/mods\/third-age-reforged\n\nReforged Discord: https:\/\/discord.gg\/rnNXfDd\n\nJOIN MY DISCORD SERVER: https:\/\/discord.gg\/JjR7UR3\n\nIf you enjoyed the video don't forget to Like and Leave a comment :D\n\n-----------------------------------------PA Merchandise---------------------------------------------\n\nBUYING A SHIRT WILL SUPPORT A CHARITY!\n\nRepresent the Knight's of Apollo!\nBuy a T-shirt Here: https:\/\/teespring.com\/stores\/pixelated-apollo\n\n----------------------------------How You Can Support Me! -----------------------------------\n\n- Like, share and leave a comment :D\n- Turn OFF adblock or whitelist my channel\n- Send me a GREAT battle Replay: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Purchase a Server at: https:\/\/oasis-hosting.net\/ and use this discount code - PA2017 \n\n------------------------------------------Connect With Me!-----------------------------------------\n\n- Email: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Twitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\n- Steam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\n- Twitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo",
    "videoid": "117404836",
    "date_created": "1497369600",
    "date_modified": "1506478186",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/amazing-snow-ambush-battle-third-age-total-war-reforged-mod-gameplay\/117404836"
}